README.md, before:

#UCSC Personal Website

This repository contains all the _HTML_ and _CSS_ code used to create my
[personal student website](http://people.ucsc.edu/~dgaguirr/) hosted on the UCSC
unix servers. The purpose of This repository is to help other students
interested in making their own personal website - mainly to be used as a
resource. Additionally, this repository exists to showcase my _HTML_ and _CSS_
capabilities.

###What's Currently in Development
- [ ] Change the entire layout of the site using _Bootstrap_
- [ ] Show my resume in a good manner on the site
- [ ] Make the site multiple pages
- [ ] Link and show off other projects
- [ ] Improve this _README_ such that anyone accessing this page finds it
particularly useful

###Resources

I wasn't formally taught any _HTML_ or _CSS_ in school so I had too look
elsewhere for help. One site that helped me greatly was
[codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/). They provide in depth guides and
tutorials to learn programming languages and create your own website. Best of
all, its free.

###Website Link
You can visit the page in the link above or
[here](http://people.ucsc.edu/~dgaguirr/).

Commit message:

More functionality
Updated the website and created the pages. Need to populate them now

README.md, after:

#UCSC Personal Website

This repository contains all the _HTML_ and _CSS_ code used to create my
[personal student website](http://people.ucsc.edu/~dgaguirr/) hosted on the UCSC
unix servers. The purpose of This repository is to help other students
interested in making their own personal website - mainly to be used as a
resource. Additionally, this repository exists to showcase my _HTML_ and _CSS_
capabilities.

###What's Currently in Development
- [x] Change the entire layout of the site using _Bootstrap_
- [ ] Show my resume in a good manner on the site
- [ ] Make the site multiple pages
- [ ] Link and show off other projects
- [ ] Improve this _README_ such that anyone accessing this page finds it
particularly useful
- [x] Make the website mobile friendly (using bootstrap does this well 
  apparently)

###Resources

I wasn't formally taught any _HTML_ or _CSS_ in school so I had too look
elsewhere for help. One site that helped me greatly was
[codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/). They provide in depth guides and
tutorials to learn programming languages and create your own website. Best of
all, its free.

###Website Link
You can visit the page in the link above or
[here](http://people.ucsc.edu/~dgaguirr/).
